c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.dll.config
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.pdb
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.dll
c:\users\bobolek\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.pdb
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.dll.config
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Diary.pdb
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\WebGrease.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.dll
C:\Users\Boryana\Desktop\Diery\boryana.asenova@gmail.com\Diary\Diary\obj\Debug\Diary.pdb
